Two steps, miss
Because it's getting more and more dangerous within ten steps
Take the third step and never come back
Miss come back
little sister
The bell has rung four times
After five rings
Sect Master, even if you can step into the fifth department of Sword Demon
That doesn't move me.
Sword Qi 2 increase is inseparable
Even if I fail today
You won't slave Bixi either
Hand over the Sword Sect to the Seventh President, the fourth step
Tang Zichen, you are my everything
I will not allow you to die
The Shushan Realm is too powerful
Tang Toyama, you are finished
You can't sell Ding Nanmo.
Sister Xiao, the time is coming.
If it rings in the air, it will never come back.
I'm Xiao Chen.
I remember now.
I remember it all
Miss
Sword Emperor Mountain
I take my life
Use as a sword slave
I just want to get within five volts
Humph
Approaching the Shushan Sword at the cost of one's life
Guess a stinky beggar and say no words
Ridiculous pretending to be crazy
Deceive the trust of the subjects
One Sword, Various Gou Enemy and Overcoming Han Art
Takeshi Zhongxia has arrived
Even if Tang Zichen steps into the tiger's step, it is already over
Quickly announce that I am the new suzerain
I announce who the new sect master of Sword Sect is
My elementary school is over
Since he doesn't wake up
As a teacher, I will help you retrieve the Shushan sword
Be this Shushan Sword Emperor again
world